---
layout:     post
title:      Operation Dropship, Phase 2 Planning
date:       2021-07-05
summary:    Operation Dropship Phase 2, which is Planning
categories: Admin
thumbnail: cogs
tags:
 - admin
---

The more I researched dropshipping, the more I realized that I have to start setting things up to gain specific information about what can and can't work for me.  
So I set up a store in Wix.  
I linked it to a Modalyst plugin.  
The Modalyst free plan has a 25 item limit.  
Modalyst items must be sourced from Aliexpress only.  
So I got to work selecting items, while narrowing down what type of store I wanted to build based on the type of items actaully available.  
I ultimately decided to create an Everyday Carry store, as I can easily surf the r/EDC reddit, look at pocket dump posts, then attempt to source items from pocket dumps.  
Then I started watching more youtube videos about dropshipping and a creator mentioned shipping times.  
The creator said, offer fast shipping.  I checked the items I imported into my store.  To offer the items for a competitive price, and use fast shipping, the prices go up exponentially.  
Less profit on 25 items = difficult to accept margins.  So, I started looking for ways to expand the dropshipping on Wix with more plugins.  
There are no more plugins available.  
So I looked into Shopify again.  
Shopify has more dropshipping plugins.  
Most of these plugins have a 25 item limit.  
If I only use 3 plugins, I triple my potential product offerings.  
So I built out a shopify store.  
I also noticed that once I'm logged into shopify, I can see that the lowest ecommerce plan is actually cheaper than Wix ($29/mo total).  
---
So, I have been building out a shopify store, adding plugins, setting up those plugins, then trying to source popular EDC items.  
I have been having to import items, categorize them, rewrite the entire product descriptions, then also alter the images to remove ugly watermarks.  
This has been a terrible experience.  
I should do it some more.  
I also linked an instagram business and facebook business pages to a Shopify plugin, so that I can schedule posts in an attempt to automate future marketing pushes for free.  
I am currently testing these automations.  Some of them have hidden fees which cut into my target goal of !>$/mo.  That's to say the goal is "NOT more money per month."  
---
TL;DR
Making an ecommerce store is a pita.  
I am not into sales and marketing so the product descriptions and About page, etc have been a real cringy pain to write out.  
There's a ton of revamping product listings, image editing, etc, per item.  
As soon as I "figure it out," I stumble upon new info which leads me to have to revamp the entire set up.  
